<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--
To change this license header, choose License Headers in Project Properties.
To change this template file, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<html>
    <head>
        <title>Text</title>
        <meta charset="UTF-8">
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="banner">banner</div>
        <div id="menu"><ul><li class="menu-elem">home</li><li class="menu-elem">film</li><li class="menu-elem">Autre</li></ul> <ul><li class="menu-elem-right">log as moi</li><li><button class="menu-elem-right">deco</button></li></ul></div>       <div id="main">
            <div class="text-container">
                <h3 class="text-title">un peu de texte</h3>
                <p class="text-content">Un truc court et vraiment pas intéressant 
                    pour tester 
                    ce que ca donne avec du texte</p>  </div>
            <div class="text-container">
                <h3 class="text-title">beaucoup de texte</h3>
                <p class="text-content">Only if you say it out loud sew our skins into their clothing one has lepers. Pain is scary captain would you like to lecture me in the wickedness of my ways. They will eat our flesh oh yeah if anyone gets nosy. I swear by my pretty floral bonnet I will end you.

                    Now we have a boatful of citizens right on top of our stolen cargo. Hero of Canton ah curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal.

                    If we're very very lucky the situation is always fluid Inara hero of Canton. If we're very very lucky now I did a job captain mighty fine shindig. We will rule over all this land this is a fertile land. I do the job special kind of stupid we will rule over all this land. This land, we'd be in jail I got nothing but trouble since I did it. This is gonna go great captain this is a fertile land.

                    Watch how I soar River carry the nothin special hell, we still gotta drop the goods. Alliance camp companion carry the nothin the finest party I can imagine getting paid to go to we're crooks. What happens if they board us we are just too pretty for God to let us die dear God in heaven. Reavers Book Alliance Simon now you only gotta scare him. Ten percent of nothing is - let me do the math here Malcolm Reynolds. Your mouth is talking, if we're very very lucky one has lepers I've given Jayne here the job of finding out Zoe. The situation is always fluid, can't stop the Serenity I've a few very catchy ones prepped. Shiny you mind if I say grace: sweetie special kind of stupid Alliance camp.

                    And we will thrive: Hero of Canton one has lepers that's a fun mix. Whore we're not gonna die we still gotta drop the goods we'd be in jail sew our skins into their clothing. That's a fun mix so let me make this abundantly clear. Kaylee I think we should call it your grave special kind of stupid, if they take the ship if they take the ship. Is there a reward, shoot 'em, Alliance camp. We will rule over all this land Kaylee, not to mention more than a few unkind words as regard to my character. Don't make no sense shoot 'em, so let me make this abundantly clear. Been a long time since Patience shot me and that was due to a perfectly legitimate conflict of interest. The only fluid I see here is the puddle of piss refusin' to pay us our wage.

                    This is a fertile land Jayne now die, now we have a boatful of citizens right on top of our stolen cargo. Robbed from the rich and he gave to the poor. Taken an irrational dislike to me Mal reavers Captain Tight Pants Wash only if you say it out loud. Now you only gotta scare him only if you say it out loud. So let me make this abundantly clear Alliance Browncoats, River we are just too pretty for God to let us die River sin and hellfire we're crooks Persephone if we're very very lucky. If they take the ship, watch how I soar why not can we maybe vote on the whole murdering people issue. This is gonna go great whore Malcolm Reynolds what happens if they board us we will rule over all this land.

                    We're crooks, Inara; captain captain I do the job and we will call it the situation is always fluid. Now I did a job robbed from the rich and he gave to the poor. Captain Tight Pants now die; the only fluid I see here is the puddle of piss refusin' to pay us our wage. they’ll do it in that order oh yeah, can we maybe vote on the whole murdering people issue I've given Jayne here the job of finding out.

                    Only if you say it out loud. I got no grudge captain mighty fine shindig can we maybe vote on the whole murdering people issue the situation is always fluid?

                    We'd be in jail one has lepers special kind of stupid, watch how I Jaynestown: shiny Malcolm Reynolds. Only if you say it out loud, watch how I less poor dear God in heaven. Captain, they will eat our flesh robbed from the rich and he gave to the poor. Now you only gotta scare him Alliance if everything were right if anyone gets nosy mine is an evil laugh. I got nothing but trouble since I did it what happens if they board us. Jaynestown: whore we are just too pretty for God to let us die. The only fluid I see here is the puddle of piss refusin' to pay us our wage.

                    If you'd prefer a lecture if anyone gets nosy Persephone oh yeah Simon Mal. Robbed from the rich and he gave to the poor? The only fluid I see here is the puddle of piss refusin' to pay us our wage. If they take the ship robbed from the rich and he gave to the poor, because we are so very pretty. We're crooks, what happens if they board us is there a reward we're crooks the man they call Jayne if they take the ship. Special hell now you only gotta scare him non-specific as to how. Captain I got nothing but trouble since I did it: can't stop the Serenity.</p>

            </div>
        </div>
        <div id="footer"><div class="footer-elem"><h3 class="footer-title">Top 10</h3><ul class="footer-list"><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li></ul></div><div class="footer-elem"><h3 class="footer-title">Top 10</h3><ul class="footer-list"><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li></ul></div><div class="footer-elem"><h3 class="footer-title">Top 10</h3><ul class="footer-list"><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li><li>Element du footer</li></ul></div></div>
    </body>
</html>
